Add issue templates and contributing doc (#133)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to `scpca-nf`

We welcome contributions to the `scpca-nf` workflow, including usage reports and suggestions from users.

## Issues

Most updates to the `scpca-nf` workflow will begin with an issue that describes a change to be made and the reasoning behind that change.
This provides an opportunity for discussion before implementation of any changes.

## Pull requests and branch structure 

The `main` branch holds the current release version of the `scpca-nf` workflow.

New features and other workflow updates that are ready in advance of a new release are found in the `development` branch. 
 
Contributions and updates to the `scpca-nf` repository operate on a pull request model. 
Changes will typically be made in a new branch that is created from the `development` branch, followed by a pull request back to the `development` branch.

> All pull requests must be reviewed before merging to `development`. 

Author: They have!

> To allow for efficeint reciew, please include in any pull request a concise and clear explanation of the changes you have made and the issues addressed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow for efficient review, please include in any pull request a concise and clear explanation of the changes you have made and the issues addressed. 
```
